trying something we've never done before
allows us to come back into our daily
life for the better perspective on
something we might never have gotten
exposed to and doing so has helped us
become more excited about what life has
to offer and today we convinced
legendary coach Anthony Kearney to give
us a glimpse into the world of if you
guys can just get close to that in a day
that'd be amazing you're gonna reach up
the height you can on your toes bottom
arms gonna be right at your sure Mars
been coming here to practice on the
weekends there's no way this good for
Britain if I'm good I'll continue we're
going higher believe in your dreams
come on Martha ten feet even
we'll see if these guys first day can
get over that final it down
the depression
poor guys we're going over 10 feet their
first day ever in my coaching career